Add private repository steps to Astro (#494)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

  ├── .env
    └── dev.env
    └── prod.env
```

> ## Build a Project with Python Packages from a Private GitHub Repository

Author: ```suggestion
## Install Python Packages from a Private GitHub Repository
```

This topic provides instructions for building your Astro project using Python packages from a private GitHub repository.

> At a high level, this setup creates a custom Dockerfile that builds your project with the appropriate credentials to access your private GitHub repository. Any private Python packages specified in your `requirements.txt` file can then be pulled from your repository and installed in your image.

Author: ```suggestion
At a high level, this setup creates a custom Dockerfile that builds your Astro project with the appropriate credentials to access your private GitHub repository. Any private Python packages specified in your `requirements.txt` file can then be pulled from your repository and installed when you build your project into a Docker image.
```

### Prerequisites

To build from a private repository, you need:

- The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).

> - A private GitHub repository that contains

Author: ```suggestion
- A private GitHub repository that contains your private Python packages.
```

    ARG BUILD_NUMBER=-1
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker=true
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.build.number=$BUILD_NUMBER
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.airflow.onbuild=true
    # Install Python and OS-Level Packages
    COPY packages.txt .
    RUN cat packages.txt | xargs apk add --no-cache

    FROM stage1 AS stage2
    RUN mkdir -p /root/.ssh
    ARG PRIVATE_RSA_KEY=""
    ENV PRIVATE_RSA_KEY=${PRIVATE_RSA_KEY}
    RUN echo "${PRIVATE_RSA_KEY}" >> /root/.ssh/id_rsa
    RUN chmod 600 /root/.ssh/id_rsa
    RUN apk update && apk add openssh-client
    RUN ssh-keyscan -H github.com >> /root/.ssh/known_hosts
    # Install Python Packages
    COPY requirements.txt .
    RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -q -r requirements.txt

    FROM stage1 AS stage3
    # Copy requirements directory
    COPY --from=stage2 /usr/lib/python3.6/site-packages/ /usr/lib/python3.6/site-packages/
    COPY . .
    ```

    During build, Docker will bundle your SSH keys, OS-Level packages in `packages.txt`, and Python Packages in `requirements.txt` into a Docker image.

  :::info

  If you don't want keys in this file to be pushed back up to your GitHub repo, consider adding this file to `.gitignore`.

  :::

> ### Step 2. Build a New Image

Author: ```suggestion
### Step 2. Build a New Docker Image
```

> To build your project into a Docker image:

Author: ```suggestion
To build a new Docker image from your `dockerfile.build` file:
```

1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file:

    ```sh
    docker build -f Dockerfile.build --build-arg PRIVATE_RSA_KEY="$(cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa)" -t custom-<runtime-image-tag> .
    ```

    If you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.0.10` in your `Dockerfile.build`, for example, this command would be:

    ```sh
    docker build -f Dockerfile.build --build-arg PRIVATE_RSA_KEY="$(cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa)" -t custom-astro-runtime:4.0.10 .
    ```

> 2. Replace the contents of your `Dockerfile` with the following:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Replace the contents of your Astro project's `Dockerfile` with the following:
```

  ├── .env
    └── dev.env
    └── prod.env
```

## Install Python Packages from a Private GitHub Repository

This topic provides instructions for building your Astro project using Python packages from a private GitHub repository. At a high level, this setup creates a custom Docker image that mounts an SSH key for your repository whenever you build your project.

Although this setup is based on GitHub, the general steps can be completed with any hosted Git repository.

:::info

The following setup has been validated only with a single SSH key. Due to the nature of `ssh-agent`, you might need to modify this setup when using more than one SSH key per Docker image.

:::

### Prerequisites

To build from a private repository, you need:

> - The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
```

- An [Astro project](create-project.md).

> - A private GitHub repository that contains your private Python packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A private GitHub repository that contains your Python packages.
```

- An [SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo.

### Step 1. Create Dockerfile.build

1. In your Astro project, create a duplicate of your `Dockerfile` named `Dockerfile.build`.

> 2. In `Dockerfile.build`, add `AS stage` to the `FROM` line which specifies your Runtime image. For example, if you use Runtime 4.0.10, your `FROM` line would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `Dockerfile.build`, add `AS stage` to the `FROM` line which specifies your Astro Runtime image. For example, if you use Runtime 4.2.0, your `FROM` line would be:
```

Reviewer: Might as well use latest version? Worth doing the runtime version env vars here or nah?

Author: I'm not fussed about using env vars in "For example" instances because it's just as likely that a user is configuring this for an earlier Runtime version. Also I have yet to figure out how to use env vars in plain text - they only seem to work within a preformatted code block

Reviewer: Ok word that's cool

   ```text

>    quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.0.10 AS stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.0 AS stage
```

   ```

  :::caution

>   If you use a `-base` version of Runtime, you need to replace this image with a non-`base` version before building your project from a private registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use a `-base` version of Astro Runtime, you need to replace this image with a non-`base` version before building your project from a private registry.
```

Reviewer: I actually think it's the other way around as what it was with `-onbuild`. Typically, customers DON'T use `-base` images, but I think they SHOULD in this scenario because they're basically customizing what happens with non-base = the former `onbuild`. Need to confirm if ^this is the place for it

  :::

3. In `Dockerfile.build` after the `FROM` line specifying your Runtime image, add the following:

    ```
    RUN --mount=type=ssh,id=github apk add --no-cache --virtual .build-deps \
        build-base \
        git \
        python3 \
        openssh-client \
    && mkdir -p -m 0600 ~/.ssh && ssh-keyscan github.com >> ~/.ssh/known_hosts \
    && apk add --no-cache \
        nodejs \
        npm \
        openssl \
        yarn \
    && yarn install \
    && rm -rf /usr/local/share/.cache/yarn \
    && apk del .build-deps openssh-client
    ```

    This `RUN` command securely mounts your SSH key during build, which ensures that the key itself is not stored in the resulting Docker image filesystem or metadata.

  :::info

  If you don't want keys in this file to be pushed back up to your GitHub repo, consider adding this file to `.gitignore`.

>   :::

Reviewer: Maybe a tip here?

  :::info

  If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the location of your SSH key in the `ssh-keyscan` command.

  :::

> ### Step 2. Build a Custom Docker Image

Reviewer: Stupid Q - Is it worth creating a step 3 that says "ok now add your python package to your project"? Is that just adding the names of them into your `requirements.txt` and then it just works because of the image you're building?

Might be worth clarifying at the end

Author: Don't think this is stupid at all- actually, digging back through the original issue, it looks like we never had full confirmation about what should actually be in this Docker file.

> 1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file, making sure to replace `<authorized-key>` with your SSH key file name:

Reviewer: Should it not be `<ssh-key>`? What does GitHub officially call it

    ```sh
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<authorized-key>" -t custom-<airflow-image> .
    ```

    For example, if you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.0.10` in your `Dockerfile.build`, this command would be:

    ```sh

>     DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<authorized-key>" -t custom-quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:2.1.4 .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<authorized-key>" -t custom-quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime-4.2.0 .
```

    ```

  :::info

  If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the location of your SSH key in the `--ssh` flag.

  :::

2. Replace the contents of your Astro project's `Dockerfile` with the following:

   ```
   FROM custom-<airflow-image>
   ```

>    For example, if your base Runtime image was `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.0.10`, this line would be:
> 
>    ```
>    FROM custom-astro-runtime:4.0.10
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, if your base Runtime image was `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.0`, this line would be:

   ```
   FROM custom-astro-runtime:4.2.0
   ```
```

> Your Astro project can now utilize Python packages from your private GitHub repository. To build and run your updated project, you can either [run your project locally](develop-project.md#build-and-run-a-project-locally) or [deploy to Astro](deploy-cli.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Astro project can now utilize Python packages from your private GitHub repository. To test your DAGs, you can either [run your project locally](develop-project.md#build-and-run-a-project-locally) or [deploy to Astro](deploy-cli.md).
```

:::

### Prerequisites

To build from a private repository, you need:

- The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- A private GitHub repository with a directory of your Python packages.
- An [SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo.

### Step 1. Create Dockerfile.build

1. In your Astro project, create a duplicate of your `Dockerfile` named `Dockerfile.build`.

2. In `Dockerfile.build`, add `AS stage` to the `FROM` line which specifies your Runtime image. For example, if you use Runtime 4.2.10, your `FROM` line would be:

   ```text
   quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10 AS stage1
   ```

  :::caution

  If you use a non-`base` distribution of Runtime, you need to replace it with the more customizable `base` distribution before building your project from a private registry. For more information, see [Distributions](runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md#distribution)

  :::

> 3. In `Dockerfile.build` after the `FROM` line specifying your Runtime image, add the following configuration. Make sure to replace `<url-to-packages>` with the URL leading to the directory with your Python packages:

Reviewer 2: I am unsure what <url-to-packages> means? This is not mentioned outside of here. I think we need to include an example requirements.txt file with a `git+git@github.com:<organization>/<repository>.git` line

    COPY . .
    ```

    In order, these commands:

    - Complete the standard installation of OS-level packages in `packages.txt`.
    - Securely mount your SSH key during build, which ensures that the key itself is not stored in the resulting Docker image filesystem or metadata.
    - Install Python-level packages from your private repository as specified in your `requirements.txt` file.

  :::tip

  If you don't want keys in this file to be pushed back up to your GitHub repo, consider adding this file to `.gitignore`.

  :::

  :::info

  If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the location of your SSH key in the `ssh-keyscan` command.

  :::

### Step 2. Build a Custom Docker Image

1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file, making sure to replace `<ssh-key>` with your SSH key file name:

    ```sh
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<ssh-key>" -t custom-<airflow-image> .
    ```

    For example, if you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.0` in your `Dockerfile.build`, this command would be:

    ```sh

>     DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<authorized-key>" -t custom-astro-runtime-4.2.0 .

Author: ```suggestion
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<ssh-key>" -t custom-astro-runtime-4.2.0 .
```

Reviewer: Let's also replace `4.2.0` here with `4.2.10` as specified above? Doesn't it also have to be `astro-runtime-4.2.10-base`?

    └── dev.env
    └── prod.env
```

## Install Python Packages from a Private GitHub Repository

> This topic provides instructions for building your Astro project using Python packages from a private GitHub repository. At a high level, this setup creates a custom Docker image that mounts an SSH key for your repository whenever you build your project.

Author: Updated the wording slightly here

Although this setup is based on GitHub, the general steps can be completed with any hosted Git repository.

:::info

The following setup has been validated only with a single SSH key. Due to the nature of `ssh-agent`, you might need to modify this setup when using more than one SSH key per Docker image.

:::

### Prerequisites

To build from a private repository, you need:

- The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- Custom Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).
- A private GitHub repository for each of your custom Python packages.

> - An [SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [GitHub SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private repo(s).
```

### Step 1: Specify the Private Repository in Your Project

To add a Python package from a private repository to your Astro project, specify repository's SSH URL in your project's `requirements.txt` file. This URL should be formatted as `git+ssh://git@github.com/<organization-name>/<repository>.git`. 

> For example, to install the `mypackage1` & `mypackage2` from `myorganization`, as well as `numpy v 1.22.1`, you would add the following to `requirements.txt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to install `<your-package-1>` and `<your-package-2>` from `<your-github-organization>`, as well as `numpy v 1.22.1`, you would add the following to `requirements.txt`:
```

Author: What do you mean? `<your-package-1>` would be both the name of the package and the repo, since they're 1:1. The full URL is just the path to the repo.

Reviewer 2: We are using package & repo interchangeably here - do you think this is causing confusion?

```

> git+ssh://git@github.com/myorganization/mypackage1.git
> git+ssh://git@github.com/myorganization/mypackage2.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git+ssh://git@github.com/<your-github-organization>/<your-package-1>.git
git+ssh://git@github.com/<your-github-organization>/<your-package-2>.git
```

@jwitz I feel like we're breaking placeholder values here? We should either:

- Direct users to follow these instructions and replace these placeholders with their own values
- Or create an example that is not meant to be copy-pasted but that more clearly defines the example values. For example, `myorganization` might be Astronomer

Author: Not sure we're braking placeholder conventions because we use the placeholders above, and this is an example of that format. These values will always be custom so I don't think it's necessary to get any more specific with an example use case.

numpy==1.22.1
```

### Step 2: Create Dockerfile.build

1. In your Astro project, create a duplicate of your `Dockerfile` named `Dockerfile.build`.

2. In `Dockerfile.build`, add `AS stage` to the `FROM` line which specifies your Runtime image. For example, if you use Runtime 4.2.10, your `FROM` line would be:

   ```text

>    quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10 AS stage1

Reviewer 2: Consider adding `FROM` back to the start of this line

   ```

  :::caution

>   If you use a non-`base` distribution of Runtime, you need to replace it with the more customizable `base` distribution before building your project from a private registry. For more information, see [Distributions](runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md#distribution)

Author: Cutting some info out here that is explained by the doc that we link out to

  :::

> 3. In `Dockerfile.build` after the `FROM` line specifying your Runtime image, add the following configuration. Make sure to replace `<url-to-packages>` with the URL leading to the directory with your Python packages:

Reviewer 2: I am unsure what `<url-to-packages>` means? This is not mentioned outside of here. I think we need to include an example requirements.txt file with a `git+git@github.com:<organization>/<repository>.git` line

Reviewer 2: requirements.txt is now added above. **"Make sure to replace `<url-to-packages>` with the URL leading to the directory with your Python packages"** is now obsolete

    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.build.number=$BUILD_NUMBER
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.airflow.onbuild=true
    # Install Python and OS-Level Packages
    COPY packages.txt .
    RUN cat packages.txt | xargs apk add --no-cache

    FROM stage1 AS stage2
    RUN --mount=type=ssh,id=github apk add --no-cache --virtual .build-deps \
        build-base \
        git \
        python3 \
        openssh-client \
    && mkdir -p -m 0600 ~/.ssh && ssh-keyscan github.com >> ~/.ssh/known_hosts \
    # Install Python Packages
    COPY requirements.txt .
    RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -q -r requirements.txt

    FROM stage1 AS stage3
    # Copy requirements directory
    COPY --from=stage2 /usr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/ /usr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/
    COPY . .
    ```

    In order, these commands:

    - Complete the standard installation of OS-level packages in `packages.txt`.
    - Securely mount your SSH key during build, which ensures that the key itself is not stored in the resulting Docker image filesystem or metadata.
    - Install Python-level packages from your private repository as specified in your `requirements.txt` file.

  :::tip

>   If you don't want keys in this file to be pushed back up to your GitHub repo, consider adding this file to `.gitignore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you don't want keys in this file to be pushed back up to your GitHub repository, consider adding this file to `.gitignore`.
```

  :::

  :::info

  If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the location of your SSH key in the `ssh-keyscan` command.

  :::

### Step 3: Build a Custom Docker Image

> 1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file, making sure to replace `<ssh-key>` with your SSH key file name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file, making sure to replace `<ssh-key>` with your SSH key file name and `<astro-runtime-image>` with your versioned Astro Runtime image from Step 2:
```

    ```sh
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<ssh-key>" -t custom-<airflow-image> .
    ```

>     For example, if you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.0` in your `Dockerfile.build`, this command would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, if you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10-base` in your `Dockerfile.build`, this command would be:
```

    ```sh
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<authorized-key>" -t custom-astro-runtime-4.2.0 .
    ```

  :::info

  If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the location of your SSH key in the `--ssh` flag.

  :::

2. Replace the contents of your Astro project's `Dockerfile` with the following:

   ```

>    FROM custom-<airflow-image>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   FROM custom-<astro-runtime-image>
```

    └── dev.env
    └── prod.env
```

## Install Python Packages from a Private GitHub Repository

This topic provides instructions for building your Astro project with Python packages from a private GitHub repository.  At a high level, this setup entails specifying your private packages in `requirements.txt`, creating a custom Docker image that mounts a GitHub SSH key for your private GitHub repositories, and building your project with this Docker image.

Although this setup is based on GitHub, the general steps can be completed with any hosted Git repository.

:::info

The following setup has been validated only with a single SSH key. Due to the nature of `ssh-agent`, you might need to modify this setup when using more than one SSH key per Docker image.

:::

### Prerequisites

> To build from a private repository, you need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Python packages from a private GitHub repository on Astro, you need:
```

- The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- Custom Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).
- A private GitHub repository for each of your custom Python packages.

> - A [GitHub SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repo(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [GitHub SSH Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repository.

This setup assumes that each custom Python package is hosted within its own private GitHub repository. Installing multiple custom packages from a single private GitHub repository is not supported.
```

@stu Good call on clarifying the 1:1 relationship between a package and a repo -- I agree we've been using them interchangeably. This work?

### Step 1: Specify the Private Repository in Your Project

To add a Python package from a private repository to your Astro project, specify the repository's SSH URL in your project's `requirements.txt` file. This URL should be formatted as:

```

> git+ssh://git@github.com/<organization-name>/<repository>.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git+ssh://git@github.com/<your-organization-name>/<your-private-repository>.git
```

```

> For example, to install the `mypackage1` & `mypackage2` from `myorganization`, as well as `numpy v 1.22.1`, you would add the following to `requirements.txt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to install `mypackage1` & `mypackage2` from `myorganization`, as well as `numpy v 1.22.1`, you would add the following to your `requirements.txt` file:
```

```
git+ssh://git@github.com/myorganization/mypackage1.git
git+ssh://git@github.com/myorganization/mypackage2.git
numpy==1.22.1
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example assumes that the name of each of your Python packages is identical to the name of its corresponding GitHub repository. In other words,`mypackage1` is both the name of the package and the name of the repository.

```

### Step 2: Create Dockerfile.build

1. In your Astro project, create a duplicate of your `Dockerfile` and name it `Dockerfile.build`.

2. In `Dockerfile.build`, add `AS stage` to the `FROM` line which specifies your Runtime image. For example, if you use Runtime 4.2.10, your `FROM` line would be:

   ```text
   FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10-base AS stage1
   ```

  :::info

>   If you currently use the default distribution of Astro Runtime, replace your existing image with its corresponding `-base` distribution as demonstrated in the example above. This `-base` distribution is built to be customizable and does not include default build logic. For more information on Astro Runtime distributions, see [Distributions](runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md#distribution).

Reviewer 2: sidenote: this is such a good explanation of the difference between the runtime and base images! Thankyou!

>   If you currently use the default distribution of Astro Runtime, replace your existing image with its corresponding `-base` distribution as demonstrated in the example above. This `-base` distribution is built to be customizable and does not include default build logic. For more information on Astro Runtime distributions, see [Distributions](runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md#distribution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you currently use the default distribution of Astro Runtime, replace your existing image with its corresponding `-base` image as demonstrated in the example above. The `-base` distribution is built to be customizable and does not include default build logic. For more information on Astro Runtime distributions, see [Distributions](runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md#distribution).
```

  :::

3. In `Dockerfile.build` after the `FROM` line specifying your Runtime image, add the following configuration:

    ```docker
    LABEL maintainer="Astronomer <humans@astronomer.io>"
    ARG BUILD_NUMBER=-1
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker=true
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.build.number=$BUILD_NUMBER
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.airflow.onbuild=true
    # Install Python and OS-Level Packages
    COPY packages.txt .
    RUN cat packages.txt | xargs apk add --no-cache

    FROM stage1 AS stage2
    RUN --mount=type=ssh,id=github apk add --no-cache --virtual .build-deps \
        build-base \
        git \
        python3 \
        openssh-client \
    && mkdir -p -m 0600 ~/.ssh && ssh-keyscan github.com >> ~/.ssh/known_hosts \
    # Install Python Packages
    COPY requirements.txt .
    RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -q -r requirements.txt

    FROM stage1 AS stage3
    # Copy requirements directory
    COPY --from=stage2 /usr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/ /usr/lib/python3.9/site-packages/
    COPY . .
    ```

    In order, these commands:

>     - Complete the standard installation of OS-level packages in `packages.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Install any OS-level packages specified in `packages.txt`.
```

>     - Securely mount your SSH key during build, which ensures that the key itself is not stored in the resulting Docker image filesystem or metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Securely mount your SSH key at build time. This ensures that the key itself is not stored in the resulting Docker image filesystem or metadata.
```

    - Install Python-level packages from your private repository as specified in your `requirements.txt` file.

  :::tip

  If you don't want keys in this file to be pushed back up to your GitHub repository, consider adding this file to `.gitignore`.

  :::

  :::info

  If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the location of your SSH key in the `ssh-keyscan` command.

  :::

### Step 3: Build a Custom Docker Image

> 1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file, making sure to replace `<ssh-key>` with your SSH key file name and `<runtime-image>` with your Runtime image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file, making sure to replace `<ssh-key>` with your SSH key file name and `<astro-runtime-image>` with your Astro Runtime image:
```

    ```sh

>     DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<ssh-key>" -t custom-<runtime-image> .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<ssh-key>" -t custom-<astro-runtime-image> .
```

    ```

>     For example, if you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10` in your `Dockerfile.build`, this command would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, if you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10-base` in your `Dockerfile.build`, this command would be:
```
